Drawer: fix size-related descriptions (#4104)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDrawer/1 Configuration/openedStateMode.md

- *"push"*      
The drawer partially displaces the view.

> Note that if the value of this property changes, the Drawer [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template) re-renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if the value of this property changes, the Drawer [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template) is re-rendered.
```
